## BurstID | GRBname | Q1 answer | Q2 answer | Feedback 
GRB200829A | A pulse followed by extended emission | One or more pulses with symmetrical structure 
GRB121031A | Other | I don't see any of these (not entirely because the it is too noisy) | The pulses do not look particularly symmetrical, and the data are incomplete.
GRB150711A | Other | Pulses connected with underlying emission | There are multiple pulses (that is, multiples ups and downs), and next pulse arises before the first pulse ends (that is, before the counts in the first pulse go back to zero).
GRB170126A | Only one simple pulse | One or more pulses with the fast-rise and slow-decay shape | This pulse rise quickly to the peak 
GRB220714B | Other | Pulses connected with underlying emission | These three smaller pulses are part of a larger underlying pulse.
GRB220701A | Other | It is too noisy inside the blue region to see any structures | We can tell that it is not a simple pulse or a pulse with extended emission. However, the noise fluctuation in the blue region is similar to the height of the pulse, and thus it is hard to tell any detailed pulse structure from noise. 
GRB220611A | Other | I don't see any of these (not entirely because the it is too noisy) | It seems possible that this burst may have some extended emissions, however it is quite noisy in the blue region to tell for sure. We pick Other because we can tell that it is not a simple pulse. 
GRB220501A | A pulse followed by extended emission | One or more pulses with the fast-rise and slow-decay shape | The light curve has a sharp rise and the pulse lasts for approximately twenty seconds. The remaining part of the blue area has a very weak emission that cannot be picked up by eyes, but computer can see it and includes it in the blue region, which tells us that there are some extended emissions after the first pulse.
GRB220408A | Other | I don't see any of these (not entirely because the it is too noisy) | the graph has a sharp rise and fall then rises again to a smaller pulse afterwards, so there are multiple pulses indicated here but not by underlying emission since the emission dips below the zero count mark between the two pulses. 
GRB220403B | Other | Pulses connected with underlying emissions | The blue region contains multiple pulses (three main pulses) connected by underlying emissions as the counts do not drop back to the zero line between pulses.
GRB210822A | A pulse followed by extended emissions | One or more pulses with the fast-rise and slow-decay shape | This pulse rises fast has a slower decline and has a section of the blue where the emission gets very close to zero, but is detected by computer and thus is included in the blue region.
GRB210730A | Only one simple pulse | I don't see any of these (not entirely because the it is too noisy) | This pulse is clearly a simple pulse, but it is a bit hard to tell whether it is a fast-rise-slow-decay pulse or a symmetrical pulse. Therefore, we didn't choose any of those options. However, if you think this is more like a fast-rise-slow-decay pulse, please go with your judgement. This is an example of an ambiguous case that we would like to collect more data from the volunteers. 
GRB210726A | Only one simple pulse | One or more pulses with symmetrical structure | this is just a fast rise fast fall pulse with the blue region indicating only one bin, so there is not a lot to reference besides it's symmetry 
GRB210722A | Only one simple pulse | One or more pulses with the fast-rise and slow-decay shape | This pulse rises and peaks but slowly falls down and hits below the zero count mark. The pulse does not have not an extended emission because once the main pulse emission drops to near the zero line, the blue region ends, indicating that there are no extended weak emissions beyond the main pulse. 
GRB210708A | A simple pulse | One or more pulses with symmetrical structure | This is a pulse that can be argued as symmetrical or not since the binning of the data is minimal it is hard to determine. We decided to go with the symmetrical option, but if you think it is asymmetrical, please follow your own judgement.  This is an example of an ambiguous case that we would like to collect more data from the volunteers. 
GRB210618A | A simple pulse | One or more pulses with symmetrical structure | There are limited data to distinguish whether the burst is symmetrical or not. We decided to go with the symmetrical option since it is not clearly asymmetrical. But if you think it is asymmetrical, please follow your own judgement.  This is an example of an ambiguous case that we would like to collect more data from the volunteers.
GRB210610B | Other | One or more pulses with the fast-rise and slow-decay shape, Pulses connected with underlying emissions | There is an obvious main pulse that rise quickly and decay slowly after the peak. Also, there are several smaller peaks on top of this main pulse, and thus there are pulses connected with underlying emissions.
GRB210610A | Other | Pulses connected with underlying emission | There are multiple pulses indicated in the blue region. These pulses have no easy defined shapes, but they are connected by underlying emission as the counts between pulses do not drop to zero.
GRB210517A | A simple pulse | One or more pulses with the fast-rise and slow-decay shape | With the limited data bins, it is not easy to tell the actual shape of the burst. But we can see that the burst rises faster before the peak and takes several data bins for the counts to get back to zero. Therefore, we choose the fast-rise-slow-decay option. 
GRB210419A | Other | It is too noisy inside the blue region to see any structures | This is too hard to tell what kind of pulse this is because the noise fluctuation is almost as large as the pulse itself inside the blue region. 
GRB210403A | Other | I don't see any of these (not because the it is too noisy) | There are several pulses here, but it does not match with any of the listed structure.
GRB210419C | It is too noisy inside the blue region to see any structures | It is too noisy inside the blue region to see any structures | This pulse is not much higher than the noise fluctuations. Therefore, it is hard to tell the structures.
GRB210430A | Other | One or more pulses with symmetrical structure, Pulses connected with underlying emission| There is a large pulse looks pretty symmetrical around the peak. In addition, there is another small pulse on top of this large pulse, and therefore it matches with the pulses connected with underlying emission option. Note that the symmetrical shape of the large pulse is ambiguous, it is okay if you do not choose this option.
GRB210420B | It is too noisy inside the blue region to see any structures | It is too noisy inside the blue region to see any structures | The pulse is not much larger than the noise fluctuation inside the blue region, and thus it is difficult to see any structure.
GRB210402A | Other | pulses connected with underlying emission, One or more pulses with the fast-rise and slow-decay shape | There are multiple pulses here. the first two pulses are connected by underlying emission, and the third/last pulse has a fast-rise-slow-decay shape.
GRB210323A | A simple pulse | One or more pulses with symmetrical structure | This is a standard pulse result it is only one bin so this is deemed symmetrical. Since there is only one data bin, if you did not choose the symmetrical option because there is no enough bins to tell, it is okay.
GRB210318A | A pulse followed by extended emission | One or more pulses with the fast-rise and slow-decay shape | There is an initial pulse that lasts until around 30 second. Afterwards, the emission is too weak for our eyes to see, but since the blue region does not end until around 100 second, it tells us that there are some extended emissions after the main pulse. In addition, the first pulse looks like a fast-rise-slow-decay pulse, however, it is a bit hard to tell the real shape because it is pretty noisy. If you did not select the fast-rise-slow-decay option, it is okay.
GRB210218A | Other | One or more pulses with the fast-rise and slow-decay shape | There are roughly two obvious pulses here. The first pulse starts from around 0 second and ends at around 40 second. It also shows a fast-rise-slow-decay shape. The second pulse is weaker with a lot of noise and it is hard to tell its shape.
GRB210217A | A simple pulse | One or more pulses with the fast-rise and slow-decay shape | This is a simple pulse with no extra emission as the counts quickly returned to noise level around zero. We choose the fast-rise-slow-decay option because there are many more data bins after the peak than before the peak.
GRB210207B | Other | Pulses connected with underlying emission | There are multiple pulses depicted in this image with most of them being sharp pulses. This case is a great reference for underlying emission as seen in the left most section of the blue region where several pulses are connected by counts that are consistently above the zero line. Because each pulse is very narrow, it is difficult to tell if they are symmetrical. If you think there are symmetrical, it is okay to choose that option as well.
GRB210119A | A simple pulse | One or more pulses with symmetrical structure | this is a single fast rise fast fall pulse. This is a special burst that is extremely short. Thus, the blue region is not correctly marked on the plot by our computer program. This is a good reference to showcase that computers are never 100% perfect and we rely on your judgement to identify these pulses.
GRB210104B | Other | One or more pulses with symmetrical structure, One or more pulses with the fast-rise and slow-decay shape, Pulses connected with underlying emission| This is a case of two main pulses with an underlying emission between the two where there is binning between the two that doesn't fall below the zero count mark. The first pulse seems to match the fast-rise-slow-decay option (because there are more data bins after the peak than before the peak). The second pulse is more symmetrical. But the detailed shapes of the first and second pulse are a bit ambiguous, so please use your own judgement to make your own decision. It will help us collect data of what most people think.
GRB201104B | Other | Pulses connected with underlying emission | This is a good example of two pulses connected by an underlying emission. Each pulse is weird in shape and doesn't match any of the listed options.
GRB201229A | Other | I don't see any of these (not because the it is too noisy) | There are roughly two pulses connected by some noisy interval. The first one is at the left most part of the blue region and the second is the peak in the center right area. Between each pulse, the counts go back below the zero count mark so there is no underlying emission. There are no listed structures in these two pulses. 
GRB201020A | A simple pulse | One or more pulses with symmetrical structure | This is a pulse that has the about the same rise and fall rate before and after the peak, indicating a symmetrical figure. 
GRB201024A | A simple pulse | One or more pulses with the fast-rise and slow-decay shape | This is a pulse that has a faster rise than decay as there are more data bins after the peak than before the peak.
GRB201015A | A pulse followed by extended emission. | I don't see any of these (not entirely because the it is too noisy). | After the initial pulse at about 0 second, the counts drops back to around zero. However, the blue region lasted till around 10 second, indicating there is some weak emission that our eyes cannot see but is detected by the computer. It is a bit hard to tell the pulse shape of the initial pulse, and thus we decided not to select any of the shape. However, it can be reasonable to select either a symmetrical shape or the fast-rise-slow-decay shape for the initial pulse as well, as it is hard to tell from the plot. Please use your own judgement in this case.
GRB200529A | A pule followed by extended emission | One or more pulses with the fast-rise and slow-decay shape | This is a very fast rise pulse that takes a very long time to get back to noise level. It is a bit hard to define the end of the initial pulse in this case. It looks like the initial pulse ends at around 40 seconds, and the emission continues to about 100 seconds. Because the low emission lasted longer than the initial pulse, we chose the pulse followed by extended emission option in this case. However, it can also be reasonable if you interpret this as a simple pulse. Please use your own judgement in this case, which will help us collect data of what people think.
GRB200713A | Other | It is too noisy inside the blue region to see any structures. | This burst has a lot of noise and it is hard to see any specific structures, except that it is neither a simple pulse nor a pulse followed by extended emission.
GRB200522A | A simple pulse | One or more pulses with symmetrical structure | This is a pulse with only one data bin, and thus we chose the symmetrical option.
GRB200324A | Other | One or more pulses with symmetrical structure | The left peak in the blue region is a pulse with a slow-decay shape is a symmetrical pulse. Afterwards, there is a data gap at around 110 seconds. Those weird sharp peak around the data gaps are cause by the instruments and are not real. Although this is a special rare and strange case, so don't worry if you find it hard to tell the real pulses in this case. Simply use your best judgement.
GRB200306C | Other | Pulses connected with underlying emission | There are multiple pulses in this data set that are oddly shaped but connected with emissions that are all above the zero count mark indicating underlying emissions between the pulses.
GRB191024A | Only one simple pulse | One or more pulses with the fast-rise and slow-decay shape | There is only one pulse in this plot, and the pulse rises quickly and decays slowly. Since the blue region ends at roughly where this pulse ends, there are no other weak extended weak emission after this pulse.
GRB190719C | Other | One or more pulses with symmetrical structures, Pulses connected with underlying emission | The two largest pulses are pretty symmetrical. At the right part of the blue region, there are several peaks connected by underlying emission. 
GRB190611A | A pulse followed by extended emission | It is too noisy inside the blue region to see any structures | There is a pulse at the left most part of the graph. After the initial pulse ends at around 10 seconds, the emission is too weak for our eyes to see. However, because the blue region does not end until around 70 seconds, indicating that the computer detects some weak extended emission after the initial pulse. Due to the noise in the first pulse, it is hard to see any other detailed structure in this plot.
GRB200131A | A pulse followed by extended emission | One or more pulses with symmetrical structure, One or more pulses with the fast-rise and slow-decay shape | There are two pulses in the graph, the first is a symmetrical shape and the second is the smaller peak with a fast rise and slow decay. The blue region lasts well beyond the first pulse, indicating there are weak extended emissions.